Documentation for configuring the default aggregation temporality env var (#3542)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/config.md

| `OTEL_EVENT_ATTRIBUTE_COUNT_LIMIT`       | Maximum allowed attribute per span event count.                                                                                                                                                            | 128                                                                                                       | [Stable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |
| `OTEL_LINK_ATTRIBUTE_COUNT_LIMIT`        | Maximum allowed attribute per span link count.                                                                                                                                                             | 128                                                                                                       | [Stable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |

> | `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_TEMPORALITY_PREFERENCE`        | The aggregation temporality to use on the basis of instrument kind.                                                                                                                                                             | `cumulative`                                                                                                       | [Stable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_TEMPORALITY_PREFERENCE`        | The aggregation temporality to use on the basis of instrument kind.                                                                                                                                                             | `cumulative` \[2\]                                                                                                 | [Stable](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/versioning-and-stability.md) |
```

  `.csproj` file.
- On .NET Framework, the `grpc` OTLP exporter protocol is not supported.

**[2]**: The recognized (case-insensitive) values for `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_TEMPORALITY_PREFERENCE` are:

- `Cumulative`: Choose cumulative aggregation temporality for all instrument kinds.
- `Delta`: Choose Delta aggregation temporality for Counter, Asynchronous Counter and Histogram instrument kinds, choose Cumulative aggregation for UpDownCounter and Asynchronous UpDownCounter instrument kinds.

> > [!CAUTION] 
> > **Currently is not working**
> > 
> > `LowMemory`: This configuration uses Delta aggregation temporality for Synchronous Counter and Histogram and uses Cumulative aggregation temporality for Synchronous UpDownCounter, Asynchronous Counter, and Asynchronous UpDownCounter instrument kinds.
> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe it could reorganized like this?

```suggestion
- `LowMemory`: This configuration uses Delta aggregation temporality for Synchronous Counter and Histogram and uses Cumulative aggregation temporality for Synchronous UpDownCounter, Asynchronous Counter, and Asynchronous UpDownCounter instrument kinds.
  - ⚠️ This value is not currently supported
```

Reviewer 3: I would put information that:

```md
The value known from [specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.35.0/specification/metrics/sdk_exporters/otlp.md?plain=1#L48) is not supported
```
